API Auto Registration Tap Docs (#1448)
pivotal/docs-tap: api-auto-registration/installation.hbs.md

# Install API Auto Registration

This document describes how to install API Auto Registration from the Tanzu Application Platform package repository.

>**Note:** Use the instructions on this page if you do not want to use the full or run profile to install packages.

> Only the full and run profiles includes API Auto Registsration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "full" and "run" profiles installs API Auto Registsration by default.
```

For more information about profiles, see [About Tanzu Application Platform components and profiles](../about-package-profiles.md).

## <a id='parameters'></a>Parameters
API Auto Registration uses the following parameters in `tap-values.yaml`

```yaml

> api_autoregistration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
api_auto_registration:
```

  tap_gui_url: <URL TO TAP GUI>
  cluster_name: <CLUSTER NAME AS SHOWN IN LIFECYCLE>
```

> >**Note:** The value of `cluster_name` is what you will see in the `lifecycle` property of your API Entitites 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The value of `cluster_name` is what you will see in the `lifecycle` property of your API Entities within TAP GUI 
```

> If you are installing with full profile you will get the following default values, but keep in mind you can override them if need be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are installing TAP with run or full profile you will get the following default values, but keep in mind you can override them if need be.
```

```yaml

> api_autoregistration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
api_auto_registration:
```

  tap_gui_url: http://server.tap-gui.svc.cluster.local:7000 
  cluster_name: <Value from shared.ingressDomain or 'dev' if not found>
```

> When using a mutli-cluster installtion using the run cluster profile or without a profile you will need to set the `api_autoregistration` parameters manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using a mutli-cluster installtion using the run cluster profile or without a profile you will need to set the `api_auto_registration.tap_gui_url` parameters correctly for successful entity registration with TAP GUI, and you are strongly recommended to set `cluster_name` to a unique value for each run cluster.
```

> You can locate the `tap_gui_url` by going to the cluster that is running TAP GUI and executing the following commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can locate the `tap_gui_url` by going to the view cluster with the TAP GUI you want to register the entity with and executing the following commands
```

> When using a mutli-cluster installtion using the run cluster profile or without a profile you will need to set the `api_auto_registration.tap_gui_url` parameters correctly for successful entity registration with TAP GUI, and you are strongly recommended to set `cluster_name` to a unique value for each run cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using a mutli-cluster installation using the run cluster profile or without a profile you will need to set the `api_auto_registration.tap_gui_url` parameters correctly for successful entity registration with TAP GUI, and you are strongly recommended to set `cluster_name` to a unique value for each run cluster.
```

```console
kubectl get secret tap-values -n tap-install -o jsonpath="{.data['tap-values\.yaml']}" | base64 -d | yq '.tap_gui.app_config.backend.baseUrl'  
``` 

> ## <a id='prereqs'></a>Prerequisites

Reviewer: This is not a focused comment but this Prerequisites section seems to kinda break the flow? I feel like it should go before the Parameters section and remove/move the "Located the TAP GUI url using the instructions mentioned above" sentence out?

Author: Rearranged and removed the suggested sentence

Before installing API Auto Registration:

- Complete all prerequisites to install Tanzu Application Platform. For more information, see [Prerequisites](../prerequisites.md).

- Located the TAP GUI url using the instructions mentioned above  

## <a id='install'></a>Install

To install API Auto Registration:

1. List version information for the package by running:

    ```console
    tanzu package available list apis.apps.tanzu.vmware.com --namespace tap-install
    ```

    Example output:

    ```console
     NAME                             VERSION        RELEASED-AT
     apis.apps.tanzu.vmware.com       0.1.0          2022-08-09 16:27:06 -0400 EDT
    ```  

2. Create a config file named `api-auto-registration-config.yaml`.

    Add the following intry into your `api-auto-registration-config.yaml` file.
    ```yaml
    tap_gui_url: YOUR-TAP-GUI-URL

>     cluster_name: API-LIFECYCLE

Reviewer: We intentionally left lifecycle details out from this config. 
```suggestion
    cluster_name: YOUR-CLUSTER-NAME
```

Reviewer 2: I like the suggested change but also would like to add some explanation below on the usage of this field, and note that it should be unique for each run cluster.

    ```

3. Install the package using the Tanzu CLI
   
   ```console

>    tanzu package install api-autoregistration 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   tanzu package install api-auto-registration 
```

>     Add the following intry into your `api-auto-registration-config.yaml` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Add the following entry into your `api-auto-registration-config.yaml` file.
```
